[Keyboard] Add Mechlovin9 rev.3 (#20119)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/mechlovin/mechlovin9/rev3/readme.md

# mechlovin9

> ![mechlovin9](https://i.imgur.com/T5Lm6OYl.png)
> 
> A 65% PCB, compatible with Kyuu.
> 
> * Keyboard Maintainer: [Team Mechlovin](https://github.com/mechlovin)
> * Hardware Supported: Kyuu Keyboard.
> * Hardware Availability: [Reddit GB](https://www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/comments/i61par/gb_mechlovin_9_a_kyuu_65_keyboard_compatible_pcb/)
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make mechlovin/mechlovin9/rev3:default
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![mechlovin9](https://i.imgur.com/T5Lm6OYlh.png)

A 65% PCB, compatible with Kyuu.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Team Mechlovin](https://github.com/mechlovin)
* Hardware Supported: Kyuu Keyboard.
* Hardware Availability: [Reddit GB](https://www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/comments/i61par/gb_mechlovin_9_a_kyuu_65_keyboard_compatible_pcb/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make mechlovin/mechlovin9/rev3:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make mechlovin/mechlovin9/rev3:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

```
